doc: install: update TM note plus minor fixes (#17748)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/installation/install_ncs.rst

Installation with Toolchain Manager
***********************************

> Toolchain Manager is a tool available from `nRF Connect for Desktop`_, a cross-platform tool that provides different applications that simplify installing the |NCS|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toolchain Manager is a tool available from `nRF Connect for Desktop`_.
It is a cross-platform tool that provides different applications simplifying the installation of the |NCS|.
```

Author: This edit suggests the cross-platform tool is the Toolchain Manager, while that sentence refers to nRF Connect for Desktop. Rephrased.

Reviewer: You are so right.

Both the tool and the application are available for Windows, Linux, and macOS.

.. note::
   The Toolchain Manager installation is recommended only when using the nRF54H20 DK with the |NCS| v2.7.0.

>    Since the release of |NCS| v2.0.0, the |nRFVSC| is the recommended IDE for manaaging the |NCS| Toolchain and working with the |NCS|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Since the release of |NCS| v2.0.0, the |nRFVSC| is the recommended IDE for managing the |NCS| Toolchain and working with the |NCS|.
```

Installation with Toolchain Manager
***********************************

> Toolchain Manager is a SDK and toolchain installer available from `nRF Connect for Desktop`_, a cross-platform tool that provides different applications that simplify developing with the |NCS| and Nordic Semiconductor products.

Reviewer: This still bothers me a bit as it has ... that... that...
How about something like: ... that provides different applications simplifying the development with...

Author: But this implies that just providing applications is simplifying the development :)
